[DOCS] restructure Sensor Fusion documentation (#2874)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: metro-ai-suite/sensor-fusion-for-traffic-management/docs/user-guide/intermediate-fusion/Prerequisites.md

# Host Prerequisites

> This guide explains how to prepare an Ubuntu host for a native build and run of this project. If you only want to validate the project, prefer the published Docker image in `../../../intermediate-fusion/docker/README_Docker.md`; after installing Docker Engine and the host driver packages, you can skip the native dependency installation and local build steps below.

Reviewer: Consider adding an absolute link here, so the user doesn't have to manually trace the file.

> This guide explains how to prepare an Ubuntu host for a native build and run of this project. If you only want to validate the project, prefer the published Docker image in `https://github.com/open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites/blob/main/metro-ai-suite/sensor-fusion-for-traffic-management/intermediate-fusion/deploy/docker/README_Docker.md`; after installing Docker Engine and the host driver packages, you can skip the native dependency installation and local build steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to prepare an Ubuntu host for a native build and run of this project. If you only want to validate the project, choose the published Docker image in the [Docker Workflow README on GH](https://github.com/open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites/blob/main/metro-ai-suite/sensor-fusion-for-traffic-management/intermediate-fusion/deploy/docker/README_Docker.md); after installing Docker Engine and the host driver packages, you can skip the native dependency installation and local build steps below.
```

## 3. Optional: Validate With The Published Docker Image

> If you only need a smoke test of the project, install Docker Engine and Docker Compose by following `../../../intermediate-fusion/docker/README_Docker.md`, then use the published image:

Reviewer: Change to absolute link for ease of access.

> If you only need a smoke test of the project, install Docker Engine and Docker Compose by following `https://github.com/open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites/blob/main/metro-ai-suite/sensor-fusion-for-traffic-management/intermediate-fusion/deploy/docker/README_Docker.md`, then use the published image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only need a smoke test of the project, install Docker Engine and Docker Compose by following [Docker Workflow README on GH](https://github.com/open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites/blob/main/metro-ai-suite/sensor-fusion-for-traffic-management/intermediate-fusion/deploy/docker/README_Docker.md), then use the published image:
```
